>> Brian: We're gonna make this
a little bit more complicated and
display a little bit more.
So what we're gonna do now is we're gonna
make a div className = show-card.
>> Speaker 2: I have
a follow up to his question.
>> Brian: Sure.
>> Speaker 2: So remember early on when
you showed us the style with the two
curly braces, right?
>> Brian: Mm-hm, mm-hm.
>> Speaker 2: And you said well, a lot
of people get uncomfortable with that so
let's pull that out into its own variable
and then substitute the style variable.
Would that be an option here or
not because we are returning the h,
or we're projecting with
the map function to the h3?
So does that have to happen
inside our parentheses?
>> Brian: So you could totally do,
so let's just say I do it up here.
You would do it inside the function body.
But you could totally do like
const preload.shows.map.
Show,
>> Brian: h3
show.title,
>> Brian: Right,
const shows, right?
So now shows is an array of components.
And I can totally right here just say,
shows, that works just fine.
>> Speaker 2: Okay.
>> Brian: Does that answer your question?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah, I guess I was making
the assumption that in JSX files,
only within component
>> Brian: Like within the returns?
>> Speaker 2: Last definitions
do the HTML syntax make sense.
But it looks like anywhere in the file.
>> Brian: Totally, yep.
>> Speaker 2: Awesome.
>> Brian: And we'll do this later once
we start doing like conditionals, right?
You can technically put conditionals
inside of the return blocks of JSX.
It gets real hairy real quick.
So I like to pull them above, store
them in variables, and then show them or
hide them depending on whether or
not they're in the variable or not.
So yeah, that's astute, that's
a good way of doing things for sure.
What I just showed you here is a horrible
way of doing it because the shows would be
predetermined.
So if anything inside a preload.shows
changed, it would not change.
But we won't worry about that for now.
>> Brian: Okay, so we're just gonna put
some,
>> Brian: Some components in here.
>> Brian: I'm gonna put an alt tag on
our image cuz we're good citizens of
the Internet, and
we make our things accessible.
>> Brian: Show.title, Show Poster.
So take note of that is a back tick,
which is the same key as the tilde
This is an es template literal.
You are welcome, I have, again,
linked to the tuality post on template
literals if your familiar with them.
But suffice to say rather than doing,
like if this was a string,
and I had to do concatenation, oops.
>> Brian: That's what it would look like,
right?
Like we've all seen that syntax before.
So with temporal literals,
you can just do this.
And then anything between curly braces
with the dollar sign in front of it,
which is like the same kind
of bashey way of doing it.
It gets outputted as an expression, and
then anything not inside of
it is literally the string.
That make sense?
So we have here House of Cards,
this will be House of Cards Show Poster.
>> Brian: Okay, and then we're gonna
do a source for the image, again,
using our temperate literal strings,
I'm gonna do /public,
>> Brian: /img/posters/$ show.poster.
I've included a bunch of posters in your
repo which is where that's coming from.
Okay, we're gonna do a div.
>> Brian: Then we're gonna do an h3,
>> Brian: And
show.title.
We're gonna do an h4.
>> Brian: With show.year.
>> Brian: Now for display purposes, I want
it to be parentheses around, so it'll say,
parentheses 1996-2005, end parentheses.
So I want parentheses literally
to be output to the DOM.
So I'm going to surround
this with parentheses.
But I just want you to know it's
literally parentheses, right?
Okay, and then down here, we're gonna have
a p which is going to be
the show.description.
>> Brian: Okay, so
now we should be able to save that.
And if we come back over here, you should
be seeing more stuff with broken style.
You should be seeing broken style, right?
The reason why is we're gonna go do this
with style's components in just a second,
probably after the break.
>> Brian: But yeah, you should be
seeing something like this, right?
So back to question, which is,
we're in search
>> Brian: We kind of have
two things going on here, right?
We have the search component
which is the search page, right?
It's the layout for the search page.
And then we have these inner show cards,
right?
So there's kind of two competing
ideas here on the page.
And so, this is where you kind of
have to start wondering to yourself,
this feels like something I should split
out into another component, right?
Cuz I have two ideas going on.
So that's exactly what we're gonna do.
I'm gonna create a new component,
call it ShowCard.jsx.
>> Brian: We're going to
import React from React.
>> Brian: You're gonna say const ShowCard
= (props), as a parameter.
We're gonna go here to search.jsx.
We're going to cut that out,
come back here to ShowCard, paste that in.
Again, we're gonna let prettier
take care of all of the details,
and then I'm gonna say
export default ShowCard.
>> Brian: And then save and
everything will magically rework itself.
>> Brian: You are gonna have all sorts
of lint errors cuz we're not doing prop
types yet.
And the other thing,
show is not defined yet.
So props is gonna be whatever the parent
passes down into ShowCard, right?
So in a moment, we're going to make
the parent pass down props.ShowCard but
in the meantime, anywhere that you
reference show, just go in front of it.
I'm gonna do it with multiple cursors.
>> Brian: And say props.whatever.
>> Brian: So now all these are saying,
where's my prop type?
Which I think we'll talk about soon here.
Yep, very soon we'll
be talking about that.
Okay, so for now, ignore the lint errors,
go back to search.
After this, I'll push a branch,
well during the break, okay?
Now instead of search,
we're going to import ShowCard
from ./ShowCard
>> Brian: And then here,
where we were,
>> Brian: What
we're gonna do is we're going to
return ShowCard, where show=show.
>> Brian: Okay, there we go.
>> Brian: This got a lot
cleaner to look at, right?
And if you go look,
everything should work or
look the same as it did before.
But now, we have two components,
we have a ShowCard and
we have a search like route page.
So something that's super
advantageous about this approach as
well is that imagine later we're
building another page that
we want to display one
show card at a time.
Well, now we have this reusable component.
As long as we feed it into show,
it doesn't care where it lives.
It can display out that
information in a useful fashion.
So now we get these reusable
components that we can put multiple
places on our site.
So this kind of brings me to
talking about how the render method
works and kind of the way you need to be
thinking about this render method, right?
So here, this method here,
given a set of props, this is how
this component's gonna look, right?
It's deterministic, it's pure,
it's idempotent, right?
If I call this function a billion times
with the same parameters, the same show,
on the billion-and-first time I run
this call, what's it gonna look like?
Exactly the same.
Nothing changes, right?
So this is very, very, very important
about React components is that,
if you call them a bunch of different
times with the same parameters,
it's always going to look the same.
So for example, it´s a terrible idea for
me to come in here and say like,
>> Brian: Math.random here, right?
That´s gonna change every single time.
So now if I refresh,
>> Brian: Now
what's bad about this,
>> Brian: Or
maybe even worse,
>> Brian: Yeah,
no we'll talk about that later.
Anyway, in any case this is
now non-deterministic, right?
So if I call it and
I force it to re-render again
which I'll show you how to do later,
how to force it to re-render.
We have no idea what the component's
gonna end up looking like.
This became nontestable,
this became basically
not a useful component anymore
because it's not deterministic.
So given the same properties,
the component should always look the same.
So an example that someone
might ask me is, well
what happens if I'm dealing with dates,
like dates are always changing, right?
So what you do is you pass
in a date to that component.
And given that date,
it's always going to look the same, right?
So you're not reading the date from
the interior of the render method,
you should be reading from the props.
>> Brian: Cool, any questions?
>> Brian: It's also super
important that these components
are going to get run a lot, right?
Every time React senses a difference,
if there's an event on your computer,
or sorry if there's an event in the DOM.
If the state changes, if the prop changes,
React runs a re-render to figure out
what's changed, and then it only updates
the things that have changed in the DOM.
That's called the virtual DOM.
Notice we're already hours
into this course and
I haven't mentioned the virtual DOM.
It doesn't matter, right?
It's an implementation detail.
It's not important to
what actually React is.
But anyway,
what I wanna say is that your Rrender
method is going to be run a lot, right?
So make sure that code path
is very perfomant, right?
Everything else can be slower, right?
But that Render path needs to
be fast cuz it gets called a lot
especially on large apps.